Malcolm said it Martin said it Miley
said it I Lee said it Garvey said it to
st. set it on right now but I'm sure
Dessalines said it Malcolm said it
Martin said it Miley said it Harley said
it Barbie said it Lumumba said it oh
right now but I'm sure dessaline said it
if you ain't my size and that for if you
ain't found signs of that boy you never
live
if you ain't found signs at that boy you
never live with my feet and brief up we
never did except those are decent
equality they don't see what we call it
for me let's be truthful doing them for
we love the deck wetness be so much but
they will enjoy here's a winner couch to
throw poof it's impossible to put a
noose we smother any mouth there are it
funny fathers fear we mother it will of
a nicaraguan so will be our way within
our name is chocolate we analyze them
you despise them crispy reminded it when
you want to assign it so give a woman
for the times were blighted scream at
the top of your lungs like it's ivan if
you ain't found signs the time for
if
the next book
if you ain't for us onto that for you
maybe the wise man dies not approve but
the Wonder wise nice not to lose more
things we don't need will make more fees
more noise we don't need a suicide who
needs it don't matter go make change new
driver we want no race whatever the
place whenever the face the monster
never ever fleas these slave babies do
it some pepper to it but we were too
divided to ever be either be washed up
on cause that ball from the dentist
picking corn sell us alive son real
Sokka started so confused we believe
their promise but there are some that
lead more honest they are not forgotten
the station just getting to the w launch
up from the bomb Malcolm said it mar and
set it Marley said it all he said it
Garvey said it to same set it a white
nap i'm sure destiny and said it Malcolm
said it boy and set it Marley said it
barley said it Garvey said it Lumumba
said it a work never i'm sure listening
said if you ain't
if you're a trance I did that for you
never live if you're inside the back
if you ain't faster
people don't remember most of the time
it's you were not caught so we are not
defined no human nature mr. behavior the
oppressed what they never press them if
this is your final or killing claiming
to be religion or the book citizen in an
Ashes the beginning now spread democracy
we're dropping a bomb on them terrorists
with no shoes and socks I reckon is to
be loved the lesson the biggest ever
based is the wrong with the bigger
weapons they look what we didn't listen
they spoken and with missing Kwan see
you defeat their prison Oscars you don't
appreciate the freedom they've given us
a water bed who we ever get want all
your friends that are caller said if you
ain't no signs of that for
in there if you
if you ain't found side to that for you
never live Malcolm said it more and set
it morning said it Harley said it Garvey
said it to st. said it I want now but
I'm sure than sitting said it Malcolm
said it more and said it Marley said it
Barney said it Garvey said it the moment
would set it a white nap i'm sure that
celine said if you aint bout side to die
for if you ain't France on to that boy
you never live Malcolm said it